hi welcome to PCM no reproductions how
to do videos today we are going to cover
the team time trials my name is Nick
Anderson and I will try to improve your
results on the team time trials we are
now going to race the lettuce at team
trial team time trial stage from the
Tour de France i'm picking HTC high road
they are not on paper the best
thirteenth on trial team compared to a
team radioshack and lay apart track but
the first thing you do is to pick all
your best team time trial guys of course
then you get your team up here like you
can see and you put put your best tom
trago to 30 seconds then then the other
three riders behind him on the rating
you put 220 between 20 and 25 seconds
and the ones that's not that good at but
at least they gotta have over 70 in time
tolerating you put them from 10-2 around
14 15 seconds then you put your best
team time trial gaya in this case it's
tony martin he will most likely start at
the front if not you just put him to the
back of the group so he can take the
last relay to punch your team into new
best that the best time at finish so
here you can see I put all my guys on 99
percent effort that's because on every
team time trial stage that's shorter
than 25 kilometers you can fairly fairly
safely put everybody on the 99 if you
want to fight for them for the best time
at the time checks and you can see only
this stage that the penalty is now at
the front doing the pacing is going
around 50 km/h at the stage goes a
little bit up in a little bit down but
you don't need to pay much attention to
that at all you can see that a lot of
guys is losing a lot of effort that fast
but it doesn't really matter because if
you want to do get the best time you
just have to empty everybody and you can
see that at the first time check and
I've at the second time check for that
matter I don't get the best time at all
but when you see when I come to the
finish line I
I win the stage you will see in suitors
see the results of of my brilliant
brilliant gaming skills and here you can
see that that we are not even in the top
five at at the first time check we are
in the seventh spot a little bit down
from a team radioshack but what the CPU
does that is kind of impossible for you
to do is that they punched really hard
at the beginning like we are trying to
do here but we are not even close and at
the end everybody is just crushed and
they are trying to keep the entire team
together and in the team time trial so
you only need five guys to cross the
finish line together add it's the fifth
guy that crosses the line he is the one
that the time gets stopped by so if the
four other guys if it's a 99 man squad
type of race if before guys drop you
don't need to worry too much about them
you need to worry about getting five
guys gathered at at the finish line XE
we are coming up on the second time
check and it looks like my team is
pretty beaten up we don't have a chance
at all and what you need to focus on is
that your writers need to have that
green bar left if they just are going to
sit on the wheel and when somebody is
relaying at the front at 99 effort they
will lose even when they're just sitting
on the wheel and quote unquote relaxing
which there are most most certainly not
that's his five kilometers to go now and
Tony Martin my best that time travel guy
is about to take the front air and you
can see that the pace is getting really
high a straight up and then he got a lot
of effort laughs since he has been
sitting at the back of our little group
at excuse me from the beginning and he
is not not just the pulling away and
it's kind of weird though that you have
been pulling in 99 the entire way and
you're not even close at the two first
time checks when you can see here I want
to come to the finish line now I am I
will get the best time as Alex Rasmussen
is dropping a little bit from this group
but as an experience I know that if you
do 99 effort and these tactics on the on
this time trial States you you will get
results you're you're looking for even
with not if you're not the best time
trial team you look at
it's not kept the last place you can see
that we want the stage and petrol it's
actually cross the line first I hope
this video helped you helped you a
little bit at least I'm not the best
tantra writer on pc i'm a daily excuse
me on PCM in general so anyway here you
got our new layout and background and I
just want to shout out F R set shot GF
axis from netherlands and he may did an
amazing job on our new background and an
avatar so a big a big shout out to him
and a big thank you as well and if you
want to check out our upcoming projects
and stuff you can just log on to PCM
telecom or PC I'm nor yet I know so
either way my name was dick Anderson and
this was a pc on all reproductions I
hope you learned something from this how
to do a team time trial video if not
then write in the comments below at
least they give it a like and if you
haven't already subscribe for more
helpful PCM videos either way I hope
that you will stay tuned for more videos
from me and Jim Jones so goodbye